1. There are two class Employee and Address, where Employee has-a Address reference .Table structure would be as ?
	
Address Table would have foriegn key of Employee Table
	
 Employee Table would have foriegn key of Address Table
	
None of thease
	
all of these

2.  Hibernate automatically detects whether    an object is modified (or) not and need to be updated. As long as the object is in persistent state i.e., bound to a particular Session(org.hibernate.Session). Hibernate monitors any changes to the objects and executes sql. This feature know as ?
	
Cascade
	
 Automatic Dirty Checking
	
Transaction
	
Lazy

3. Which of the following is true about Hibernate?
	
Hibernate abstracts away the unfamiliar SQL types and provide us to work around familiar Java Objects.
	
 Hibernate takes care of mapping Java classes to database tables using XML files and without writing any line of code.
	
Hibernate provides simple APIs for storing and retrieving Java objects directly to and from the database.
	
All of the above.

4. It always hit the database and return the real object, an object that represent the database row, not proxy.
If no row found , it return null. This is statement true about ..
	
get() method
	
 load () method
	
both get() and load () methods
	
find () method

5. Which of the following is true about transient state of a persistent entity?
	
 A new instance of a persistent class which is not associated with a Session.
	
 A new instance of a persistent class which has no identifier value.
	
All of the above.
	
A new instance of a persistent class which has no representation in the database.

6. Nitin is software developer and working on a hibernate based application ,
 he is confused to create how many instance of SessionFactory.
please advice him , he should create ..
	
per HttpSession
	
 Two instance of SessionFactory
	
per DML operation.
	
one instance of SessionFactory

7. Hibernate is database independent because of ?
	
hbm2ddl.auto
	
 Dialect
	
SessionFactory
	
Driver

8. what does hibernate.hbm2ddl.auto create this means?
	
creat table only.
	
 create session object automatically
	
create tables automatically with relationship
	
create Sessio Factory object automatically

9. It will always return a ?proxy? (Hibernate term) without hitting the database. In Hibernate, proxy is an object with the given identifier value, its properties are not initialized yet, it just look like a temporary fake object.
If no row found , it will throws an ObjectNotFoundException. This statement true about ..
	
find () method
	
 both get() and load () methods
	
get() method
	
load () method

10.  Is Hibernate Session threadsafe?
	
None of the these
	
 Yes
	
No
	
No relation with thread

11. Which of the following is the root node of hbm.xml file?
	
class-config
	
 hibernate-config
	
class-mapping
	
hibernate-mapping

12. You need to achieve component mapping where properties from various classes can be stored in single table.
i.e  User and Address classes data is stored within single table, user details with his/her address details. To achieve this you need  which annotation ?
	
@Embeddable  and @Entity
	
 Hibernate doesn't support such mapping
	
@Embeddable  and @Table
	
@Embeddable and @Embedded

13. which 2nd level cache is better in hibernate?
	
GumoCache
	
 Level2Cache
	
DASCache
	
EHCache

14. How can you make a property be read from the database but not modified in anyway?
	
By using the insert="false" and update="false" attributes.
	
 By using the isinsert="false" and isupdate="false" attributes.
	
By using the isinsert="no" and isupdate="no" attributes.
	
None

15. What is the difference between save() and persist() methods of session object?
	
None of the above.
	
 save saves the object and returns the id of the instance whereas persist do not return anything after saving the instance.
	
There is no difference.
	
save saves the object and returns status whereas persist stores status in different variable
